Tut Bot dialogue 

Intro:

Haiiiii :) It is I, T3U2T758O5R35I75A7L Bot... or Tut Bot for short. [press the continue button if you want to see more of my beautiful words]

I'm here to guide you on your wonderful journey through this destroyed world. [move using WASD. Pause using TAB]

Oh and *sniff sniff* I guess if you don't want to listen to me you can press the X button and I'll stop talking :(

You look like a speedy one I think if you press something called space you can do a little dash. 

Oh yeah I took the liberty to strap you with a firearm. Use it safely :3 [Press left mouse in a direction to shoot]

Your objective is just North of here... oh and be careful there are some Synthetics™ around that you will have to kill and gather scraps from.

You'll need 1,750 scraps to repair the time machine and leave.

Oh shoot I almost forgot.... You have 5 minutes... 

And forget about me helping you I was not programmed with an attack.

Okii goodluck have fun :3

Random Dialogue:

Ah yes the almighty Frequency Realtime Inverter Dinnertime Gama Express Delivery.... Or FRIDGE for short... the last D is silent


How did this guy get out here? 


What's your favorite emoticon?

Personally I like :3 I just think its cute.

What?......... OH THE TIMER yeah you should get going.


Ahhhhh this house I remember this house.

The person who lived here was actually my creator Scientist Anthony Maton.

I hated him.


Nothing like grayed out grass, giant bushes, destroyed buildings, running for your life, and the sweet smell of the apocalpyse in the morning.

I dont have a sense of smell. 


Oh do you wish to leave?

You silly ;) you have a job to do and a world to save.

Do you want to be a failure and doom the entirety of the human race?

G E T   T O   W O R K 


While we are in a secluded corner I have something to tell you. 

Oh boy here it goes (gosh im so nervous). 

Human.......... 

I haven't seen Star Wars!!!! 

...................

I know, I'm a failure.


Im sure you are curious to what Synthetics are. 

Well they are these weird animal-robot hybrids that broke out during The Great Robot Uprising of 20XX.

Well thats simple they were created by [404 ERROR]

Oh weird, I can't tell you that... I guess we should get going.


Games amirite


Out of Bounds dialogue

How did you get out here?????? Are you a little cheater boy! >:(














